h1. Camera for ActiveScaffold

Currently, this plugin is compatible with ActiveScaffold >= 3.4 gem.

h2. Overview

This plugin adds a camera viewer to take a snapshot from camera on ActiveScaffold forms. It uses "SayCheese.js":https://github.com/leemachin/say-cheese

h2. Installation

You'll need at least ActiveScaffold 3.4 to use this

<pre>
gem install active_scaffold_camera
</pre>

h2. Usage

h4. Step 1

Set column to use :snapshot form_ui

h4. Step 2

Setup snapshot using options method on column

<pre>
# app/controllers/visitors_controller.rb

class VisitorsController < ApplicationController
  active_scaffold :visitor do |config|
    config.columns[:signature].form_ui = :signaturepad
    config.columns[:signature].options = {:source => -1}
  end
end
</pre>

Available options: video_not_supported, audio_not_supported, media_forbidden, source

Source can be set to use a specific source instead of displaying source selector. It must be the source index, and it can be negative index to start from end. If no device on that index, first device will be used.

If video_not_supported, audio_not_supported or media_forbidden are symbols they will be translated (using as_ method, so it must be on active_scaffold namespace). They have a default translation.

h4. Save image

Snapshot form_ui sends a data url, encoded on base64, of the image. It can be saved to a file on server, adding some code to model:

https://gist.github.com/branch14/4258871

h2. Support

If you have issues installing the plugin, search / post to the "Active Scaffold":http://groups.google.com/group/activescaffold forum or "Create an issue":http://github.com/activescaffold/active_scaffold_camera/issues

h2. Contributing

Fork, hack, push, and request a pull:

http://github.com/activescaffold/active_scaffold_camera/

h2. License

Released under the MIT license (included).
